Auth0 Updated Documentation (#75)
ethyca/fidesdocs: pages/fides/dsr_quickstart/saas_connectors/example_configs/auth0.md

# Auth0

## Implementation Summary

> Fides uses the following Auth0 endpoints to retrieve and delete Personally Identifiable Information (PII) when processing a Privacy Request. Right to Access and Right to Delete (Right to Forget) support for each endpoint is noted below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fides uses the following Auth0 endpoints to retrieve and delete Personally Identifiable Information (PII) when processing a Privacy Request. Data access and erasure support for each endpoint is noted below.
```

I think this is technically a more accurate term
